# This page will tell you the global settings
### **Core Function**
1. **Denoise DiffCol / GlossCol / TransCol**: 

    Denoise `DiffCol` / `GlossCol` / `TransCol` (The flat color aovs), may increase divide precision. 
2. **Use Old EXR Layer Naming Convention**:

    Use old EXR layer naming which is the same with 2.4.x below. The new layer naming is easier to read in nuke.
3. **Only Create Nodes For Enabled Viewlayers**:

    Do not create nodes for viewlayers which their `Use For Rendering` checkbox is off (in viewlayer property panel). 
4. **Auto Optimize Sample Count For Data Layers**:

    If enabled, Data Layers will get **sample count override** when generating nodes, for faster rendering. You can set how many samples you want to use.
5. **Custom Name Suffix**:

    You can add custom text to the file name generated by Industrial AOV Connector, for example use `#` to customize frame number digits. You can also use:

     `$scene$` `$file$` `$camera$` `$version$` 

     as tags that can be automatically changed to actual names when rendering (`$version$` expects there is a **`v001`** style version number at the last of your blend file name). A good example is `$camera$_$version$_###`.
6. **Node Interval Scale When Arranging**:

    Scale of node interval when **arranging node**, fix too wide node interval and space consumption. this is a compensation for system-wide UI scaling, for example my Windows uses a 1.5x scale, set this to 0.67 will generate proper nodetree.
---
### **Output Tools**
1. **Default useless renders gather**: 

    Auto change blender default render output path to "trash_output" subfolder, for convenient dump later.

2. **Show useless renders clean button**:

    Show `Delete Useless Default Renders` button in Output Tools, for quickly delete **"trash_output"**.
---
### **Appearance**

Pass.